okay I was up here a little while ago
and some beekeepers like the excluder in
some dump I didn't really like what I
saw up here I did have a saw enough I
value their opinion he told me that they
won't like the excluder and I'm leaning
towards uh what he said after watching
some videos up some other beekeepers who
don't like the excluder it sure is quite
a few bees okay right now
Fisher takes them no time at all to see
this backup there's the string don't
leave the exclusion
evil
to see this over here call the ruckus at
the moment I'm going to put this back on
it is not happy
these guys morning to come up
big screen
and soon apples
I guess the queen bee excluder does
damage to their wings they have to push
through it's not that easy for them and
it's also a lot more work so this way
it can access the top super course I
don't understand when cool comes up here
if she comes up here in these are eggs I
got some questions out there like the
way back to the hive will do is I'll
just kind of leave this here for the day
or so
alright so it goes bring big scooter has
been removed I don't know if I'm putting
it back on or not